# abook addressbook file

[format]
program=abook
version=0.6.1


[0]
name=Radu Ioan Bot
email=radu.bot@univie.ac.at
nick=bot

[1]
name=Michael Sedlmayer
email=michael.sedlmayer@univie.ac.at
nick=michael

[2]
name=Teresa Scarinci
email=teresa.scarinci@univie.ac.at
nick=teresa

[3]
name=mobile-print.mathematik@univie.ac.at
email=mobile-print.mathematik@univie.ac.at
nick=print

[4]
name=Dang-Khoa Nguyen
email=dang-khoa.nguyen@univie.ac.at
nick=khoa

[5]
name=vuong.phan@univie.ac.at
email=vuong.phan@univie.ac.at
nick=vuong

[6]
name=Caroline Geiersbach
email=caroline.geiersbach@univie.ac.at
nick=caroline

[7]
name=Axel
email=axel.boehm@univie.ac.at
nick=axel

[8]
name=Morteza Kimiaei
email=morteza.kimiaei@gmail.com
nick=morteza

[9]
name=Dennis Meier
email=dennis.meier@posteo.de
nick=dennis

[10]
name=Paul Stocker
email=paul.stocker@univie.ac.at
nick=paul

[11]
name=Ernö Robert Csetnek
email=robert.csetnek@univie.ac.at
nick=robert.csetnek

[12]
name=Sebastian Banert
email=banert@kth.se
nick=sebastian.banert

[13]
name=florian.aigner@univie.ac.at
email=florian.aigner@univie.ac.at
nick=vds.student.steering

[14]
name=vds-mathematics@lists.univie.ac.at
email=vds-mathematics@lists.univie.ac.at
nick=vds.mailinglist

[15]
name=Bettina Hiebl
email=bettina.hiebl@univie.ac.at
nick=bettina.hiebl

[16]
name=Florian Aigner
email=florian.aigner@univie.ac.at
nick=florian.aigner

[17]
name=VDS Mathematik
email=vds.mathematik@univie.ac.at
nick=vds.mathematik

[18]
name=Sascha Biberhofer
email=sascha.biberhofer@univie.ac.at
nick=sascha.biberhofer

[19]
name=Christopher Chiu
email=christopher.heng.chiu@univie.ac.at
nick=christopher.chiu

[20]
name=Laura Kanzler
email=laura.kanzler@univie.ac.at
nick=laura.kanzler

[21]
name=Manjil Saikia
email=manjil.saikia@univie.ac.at
nick=manjil

[22]
name=Daniel Scherl
email=daniel.scherl@univie.ac.at
nick=dani.scherl

[23]
name=Thomas Mejstrik
email=thomas.mejstrik@univie.ac.at
nick=thomsch

[24]
name=Hans Höngesberg
email=hans.hoengesberg@univie.ac.at
nick=hans.hoengesberg

[25]
name=Markus Gabl
email=markus@gabl.com
nick=markus.gabl

[26]
name=Anna Breger
email=anna.breger@univie.ac.at
nick=anna.breger

[27]
name=Aris Daniilidis
email=aris.daniilidis@tuwien.ac.at
nick=aris

[28]
name=Sebastian Tapia
email=stapia@dim.uchile.cl
nick=sebastian.chile

[29]
name=Sebastian Tapia
email=sgtg22@gmail.com
nick=sebastian_tapia_gmail

[30]
name=R T Rockafellar
email=rtr@uw.edu
nick=terry

[31]
name=Sophie Schober
email=sophie.schober@meduniwien.ac.at
nick=spinoff_fellowship1

[32]
name=Inmaculada Sanchez Romero
email=inma.sanchez@univie.ac.at
nick=spinoff_fellowship2

[33]
name=Reckling Tobias
email=tobias.reckling@univie.ac.at
nick=spinoff_fellowship3

[34]
name=Christof Ender
email=christof.ender@univie.ac.at
nick=christof.ender

[35]
name=SSC Physik
email=ssc.physik@univie.ac.at
nick=ssc.physic

[36]
name=Leon Neubeck
email=leon.neubeck240@gmail.com
nick=leon.neubeck240

[37]
name=Stefan Fredenhagen
email=stefan.fredenhagen@univie.ac.at
nick=stefan.linag

[38]
name=VGSCO
email=vgsco@univie.ac.at
nick=vgsco

[39]
name=Gaspard Jankowiak
email=gaspard@oknaj.eu
nick=gaspard

[40]
name=Mathias Staudigl
email=m.staudigl@maastrichtuniversity.nl
nick=mathias.staudigl

[41]
name=Manon Roeleveld
email=manon.roeleveld@univie.ac.at
nick=manon.roeleveld

[42]
name=Katharina Werbach
email=katharina.werbach@univie.ac.at
nick=katharina.werbach

[43]
name=Burgholzer Reinhard
email=Reinhard.Burgholzer@verbund.com
nick=Reinhard.Burgholzer

[44]
name=Burchhart Thomas
email=Thomas.Burchhart@verbund.com
nick=Thomas.Burchhart

[45]
name=Hans Hammerschmied
email=hammerschmied@hhp.eu
nick=hans.hammerschmied

[46]
name=Clement Royer
email=croyer2@wisc.edu
nick=clement.royer

[47]
name=Stephen Wright
email=swright@cs.wisc.edu
nick=steve.wright

[48]
name=Maximilian Bernkopf
email=maximilian.bernkopf@tuwien.ac.at
nick=maximilian.bernkopf

[49]
name=Office Edelweiss
email=office@alpenverein-edelweiss.at
nick=edelweiss

[50]
name=Georg Pflug
email=georg.pflug@univie.ac.at
nick=georg.pflug

[51]
name=Michael Fischer
email=michi.fischer@univie.ac.at
nick=michi.fischer

[52]
name=Jonas Adler
email=jonasadl@kth.se
nick=jonas.adler

[53]
name=Axel Ringh
email=aringh@kth.se
nick=axel.ringh

[54]
name=Bernhard Lamel
email=bernhard.lamel@univie.ac.at
nick=bernhard.lamel

[55]
name=Lisa Carli
email=lisa.carli@univie.ac.at
nick=lisa.carli

[56]
name=Friedrich Reichhart
email=friedrich.reichhart@sdr.at
nick=fritz

[57]
name=Rolf Böhm
email=r.r.boehm@aon.at
nick=rolf

[58]
name=Rahmi Ilkilic
email=rahmi@dii.uchile.cl
nick=rahmi

[59]
name=Eva Ergoth
email=eva.ergoth@gmx.at
nick=eva.ergoth

[60]
name=Stefan Ergoth
email=stefan.ergoth@gmail.com
nick=stefan.ergoth

[61]
name=team3.personal@univie.ac.at
email=team3.personal@univie.ac.at
nick=team3.personal

[62]
name=Min Hadler
email=min.hadler@univie.ac.at
nick=min.hadler

[63]
name=Ilse Böhm
email=ilse.boehm@aon.at
birthday=27.11.1958
nick=ilse privat

[64]
name=Roberto Cortez
email=rcortez@dim.uchile.cl
nick=roberto.chile

[65]
name=Gerold Petritsch
email=gerold.petritsch@evn.at
nick=gerold.petritsch

[66]
name=Christian Krattenthaler
email=christian.krattenthaler@univie.ac.at

[67]
name=BLAKE J MASON
email=bmason3@wisc.edu
nick=blake

[68]
name=Blake Mason
email=blakejmas@gmail.com
note=madison
nick=blake

[69]
name=Vincent Roulet
email=vroulet@uw.edu

[70]
name=YUE XIE
email=xie86@wisc.edu
nick=yue

[71]
name=Ilse Böhm
email=Ilse.Boehm@evn.at

[72]
name=Ardhendu S. Tripathy
email=astripathy@wisc.edu
note=madison
nick=ardhendu

[73]
name=Mateusz Piorkowski
email=mateusz.piorkowski@univie.ac.at

[74]
name=Hermann Schichl
email=hermann.schichl@univie.ac.at
nick=hermann

[75]
name=Leopold Veselka 
email=leopold.veselka@univie.ac.at
nick=leo

[76]
name=Hannah Noske
email=hannah.noske98@gmail.com

[77]
name=Sorin Grad
email=sorin-mihai.grad@univie.ac.at
nick=sorin

[78]
name=Vera Stelzer
email=vera.stelzer@univie.ac.at

[79]
name=Chiara Novarini
email=chiara.novarini@univie.ac.at

[80]
name=Clemens Becsi
email=clemens.becsi@univie.ac.at

[81]
name=Philip Meier
email=p.meier@imagebiopsy.com

[82]
name=Harold Steinacker
email=harold.steinacker@univie.ac.at

[83]
name=Julia Delacour
email=julia.delacour@inria.fr

[84]
name=Pfannerer, Stephan Heinz
email=stephan.pfannerer@tuwien.ac.at
nick=pfanni

[85]
name=Vienna School of Mathematics
email=office@vsmath.at
nick=vsm

[86]
name=AV Austria - Klettern
email=klettern@alpenverein-austria.at

[87]
name=Gianluca Favre
email=gianluca.favre@univie.ac.at

[88]
name=Giulia Pilli
email=giulia.pilli@univie.ac.at

[89]
name=Josef Hofbauer
email=josef.hofbauer@univie.ac.at

[90]
name=Alexandra Kilian
email=alexandra.kilian@univie.ac.at

[91]
name=UNIQA
email=info@uniqa.at

[92]
name=Barbara Seiss
email=Barbara.Seiss@univie.ac.at

[93]
name=Bo Peng
email=bo.peng@univie.ac.at

[94]
name=Mikhail Karapetyants
email=mikhail.karapetyants@univie.ac.at
nick=misha

[95]
name=Simon Lacoste-Julien
email=slacoste@iro.umontreal.ca

[96]
name=VGSCO Faculty Members
email=faculty.vgsco@lists.univie.ac.at
nick=prof

[97]
name=VGSCO Studierende inkl. Associated
email=students.vgsco@lists.univie.ac.at

[98]
name=VGSCO Alumni inkl. Associated
email=alumni.vgsco@lists.univie.ac.at

[99]
name=Gabriela Kovacova 
email=gabriela.kovacova@wu.ac.at

[100]
name=Andreas Cap
email=andreas.cap@univie.ac.at

[101]
name=David Hulett
email=david.alexander.hulett@univie.ac.at

[102]
name=Thomas Leitner
email=thomas.leitner@univie.ac.at
nick=mathit

[103]
name=Kerstin Ammann
email=kerstin.ammann@univie.ac.at
nick=mathit

[104]
name=Maksim Smirnov
email=smirnov.maksim@yahoo.com

[105]
name=Niklas Hey
email=niklas.hey@wu.ac.at

[106]
name=Jeferson ZAPATA
email=jeferson.zapata@ist.ac.at

[107]
name=Daniel Weitzel
email=daniel.weitzel@univie.ac.at

[108]
name=Sylvia Kritzinger 
email=sylvia.kritzinger@univie.ac.at

[109]
name=Marc Huber
email=mhuber@ac.tuwien.ac.at

[110]
name=Francesco Rinaldi
email=rinaldi@math.unipd.it

[111]
name=Vladimir Kolmogorov
email=vnk@ist.ac.at

[112]
name=Dan Alistarh
email=dan.alistarh@ist.ac.at

[113]
name=Lukas Liehr
email=lukas.liehr@univie.ac.at

[114]
name=Yura Malitsky
email=y.malitsky@gmail.com

[115]
name=Buris Tongnoi
email=book_buris@hotmail.com

[116]
name=Katharina Götsch 
email=katharina.goetsch@univie.ac.at

[117]
name=Julia Stranzl
email=julia.stranzl@univie.ac.at

[118]
name=Immanuel Bomze
email=immanuel.bomze@univie.ac.at

[119]
name=Nadine Haider
email=nadine.haider@univie.ac.at

[120]
name=Informatik SPL
email=informatik.spl@univie.ac.at

[121]
name=Nadine Haider
email=nadine.haider@univie.ac.at

[122]
name=Anne Marie Faisst
email=anne.marie.faisst@univie.ac.at

[123]
name=SSC Informatik
email=ssc.informatik@univie.ac.at

[124]
name=Steffen Plunder
email=steffen.plunder@univie.ac.at

[125]
name=Infrastruktur
email=infrastruktur.mathematik@univie.ac.at
nick=raum-reservieren

[126]
name=Peter Balazs
email=peter.balazs@oeaw.ac.at

[127]
name=Miro Mifkovic
email=Miro.Mifkovic@EDV-Design.at

[128]
name=Simon Rittel
email=simon.rittel@univie.ac.at

[129]
name=Daniel Wagner
email=klettern@alpenverein-austria.at

[130]
name=Claus Aichinger
email=claus.aichinger@gmail.com

[131]
name=Ahmet Alacaoglu
email=ahmetalacaoglu@gmail.com

[132]
name=Versicherung Reiseantrag
email=wien.zentralegruppe@bvaeb.sv.at
